Where are you going?
We are going to miss the plane
When the McCallister family left on
their Christmas vacation ..
Did we miss the flight?
No! You just made it
They forgot one small thing ...
I have a terrible feeling
Did you lock up? Yes
Do we set the timers on the lights?
Yes. What else could we have forgotten?
Kevin!
Home Alone
Place in the northern suburbs are on the lookout for a pair of burglars who are calling themselves the Wet Bandits
We know that you're in there. It's Santa Claus and his elf
Get brought my property
This is my house! I have to defend it. Where's your mother? My mom is in the car. Where's your father? He is at work
What about your brothers and sisters? I am the only the child
Where do you live? I can't tell you that. Why not? Cause you're a stranger
He's a kid! Well, what can a kid do to us? Kids are stupid. I know, I was. You still are Marv. This is it
I do not care if I've to get out on your runway and hitchhike. I am going to get home to my son
Yes
Where are you? You are little prick
I am going to kill that kid
Why did you take your shoes off? I dressed like a chicken.
Gus Polinski. Poker king of the Midwest. If you have to get to Chicago, we'll gladly drive you
Hey, guys!
Yesterday he was just a kid, but tonight he's a home security system live
Are you guys give up? Or are you thirsty for more?
From John Hughes. You know I got a feeling this is gonna be your best Christmas ever. A family comedy without the family
Home alone. Are you here all alone? I'm eight years old. Do you think I'd be here all alone?
I don't think so. Directed by Chris Columbus, coming November 16th